com/serenegiant/libcommon/viewmodel/Converter.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.viewmodel.Converter
com/serenegiant/libcommon/viewmodel/SAFUtilsViewModel.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.viewmodel.SAFUtilsViewModel
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentSafutilsBinding.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentSafutilsBinding
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentScreenCaptureBinding.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentScreenCaptureBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/serenegiant/service/ScreenRecorderService.java
 com.serenegiant.service.ScreenRecorderService
 com.serenegiant.service.ScreenRecorderService$1
 com.serenegiant.service.ScreenRecorderService$1$1
 com.serenegiant.service.ScreenRecorderService$2
com/serenegiant/service/ServiceRecorder.java
 com.serenegiant.service.ServiceRecorder
 com.serenegiant.service.ServiceRecorder$1
 com.serenegiant.service.ServiceRecorder$2
 com.serenegiant.service.ServiceRecorder$Callback
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentScreenCaptureBindingImpl.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentScreenCaptureBindingImpl
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentScreenCaptureBindingImpl$1
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentSettingsLinkBindingImpl.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentSettingsLinkBindingImpl
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentSettingsLinkBinding.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentSettingsLinkBinding
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentSafutilsBindingImpl.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentSafutilsBindingImpl
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentSafutilsBindingImpl$1
com/serenegiant/libcommon/SAFUtilsFragment.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.SAFUtilsFragment
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.SAFUtilsFragment$1
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.SAFUtilsFragment$2
com/serenegiant/service/RecordingService.java
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$1
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$2
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$3
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$4
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$5
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$6
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$LocalBinder
 com.serenegiant.service.RecordingService$StateChangeListener
com/serenegiant/libcommon/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentSafFilerBindingImpl.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentSafFilerBindingImpl
com/serenegiant/libcommon/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/serenegiant/libcommon/BuildConfig.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.BuildConfig
com/serenegiant/libcommon/databinding/FragmentSafFilerBinding.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.databinding.FragmentSafFilerBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/serenegiant/libcommon/BR.java
 com.serenegiant.libcommon.BR
